Spoopy Buyback II
Project Description: Spoopy Buyback II is a web application that helps players of the game Eve Online calculate the buyback prices for items in their inventory based on market data and tax rates.

Table of Contents
Project Description
Features
Getting Started
Prerequisites
Installation
Usage
Contributing
License
Features
Inventory Appraisal: Input items from your Eve Online inventory to get estimated buyback prices.
Tax Rate Calculation: Automatically calculates the tax rate for each item based on Eve Online tax rules.
Market Data Integration: Utilizes market data from external sources to provide accurate item valuations.
Getting Started
Prerequisites
Python 3.x
Django (version X.X.X)
Django Rest Framework (version X.X.X)
Other dependencies...
Installation
Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/yourusername/spoopy-buyback.git
Install the required dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt
Configure your database settings in settings.py.
Run database migrations: python manage.py migrate
Start the development server: python manage.py runserver
Usage
Access the application at http://localhost:8000/buyback/.
Enter items from your Eve Online inventory in the provided form.
Click the "Submit" button to get an appraisal for your items.
Review the appraisal results, including market prices, buyback prices, and tax rates.
Create a contract in Eve Online using the calculated buyback prices.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to Spoopy Buyback II, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository and create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
Make your changes and ensure tests pass.
Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.
Please read our Contribution Guidelines before submitting a pull request.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Contact
For questions or feedback, you can reach us at spoopybuyback@example.com.

Remember to replace placeholders like yourusername, http://localhost:8000, and spoopybuyback@example.com with the appropriate information for your project. You can also add any additional sections or information that you think is relevant to your project.